Bump to v2.9.0 (#79)
1Password/op-scim-gcp-marketplace: README.md

> See [Updating the SCIM bridge version](./op-scim-bridge/chart/op-scim-bridge-mp/README.md#updating-the-scim-bridge-version) for details.

Reviewer: Is this a self-referential link? 🤔

Reviewer: Ah right. Misread that!

> After that has been done, please ensure `publishedVersion` in [schema.yaml](./op-scim-bridge/schema.yaml) matches the `appVersion` in [Chart.yaml](./op-scim-bridge/chart/op-scim-bridge-mp/Chart.yaml), and that they both match the SCIM bridge docker image version we're updating to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, ensure the `publishedVersion` in [schema.yaml](./op-scim-bridge/schema.yaml) matches the `appVersion` in [Chart.yaml](./op-scim-bridge/chart/op-scim-bridge-mp/Chart.yaml), and that they both match the SCIM bridge docker image version we're updating to.

Additionally the [Chart.lock](./op-scim-bridge/chart/op-scim-bridge-mp/Chart.lock) `op-scim-bridge` dependency chart version should match that from our updated [SCIM bridge Helm Chart](https://github.com/1Password/op-scim-helm). Note this version will not match the docker image version. 
```

Reviewer 2: The `Chart.lock` note in this suggestion is already implicitly covered in the chart's [readme](https://github.com/1Password/op-scim-gcp-marketplace/tree/alice/v2.9.0/op-scim-bridge/chart/op-scim-bridge-mp#updating-the-scim-bridge-version) in step two, where `helm dependency update .` is done. Since this is a generated file, following the previous steps will result in the correct version numbers in the `Chart.lock` file.
